Update angular docs and sample with new package (#3137)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-angular/docs/v2-docs/1.x-2.x-upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrading from MSAL Angular v1 to v2

MSAL Angular v2 brings our Angular wrapper up-to-date with the latest version of MSAL common, and with out-of-the-box support for modern versions of Angular (9 - 11) and rxjs (6).

> This guide will demonstrate changes needed to migrate an existing application from `@azure/msal-angular@1.x` to `@azure/msal-angular@2.0.0-beta.0`.

Reviewer: Small suggestion so you don't need to update this again after GA

```suggestion
This guide will demonstrate changes needed to migrate an existing application from `@azure/msal-angular` v1 to v2.
```
